(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
HIPPO 1:
We were here first.
HIPPO 2:
No, we were.
KION:
Everyone please, stay calm.
You all get water but you need
to wait your turn.
But what if there's nothing
left by the time we get
our turn?
I've never seen the water
this low.
What will we do
when it runs out?
What will we do?
We all need water.
I... I don't know.
But don't worry, I'm sure
the King has a plan.
SIMBA:
Surely, I'm not the first
King of the Pride Lands
to face a water shortage,
Rafiki?
Did any of the earlier kings
find a solution?
If they did, the paintings
of the past do not have
many clues.
SIMBA: Interesting. I'm not
familiar with that watering
hole.
Do you know where it is?
Well, I do know it is not
in the Pride Lands.
Ooh, I've seen a watering hole
that looks like that.
You have?
I saw it in the Back Lands.
It's a big watering hole
with lots of water.
It was part of the zebra
herds' grazing grounds.
Zebras? That must be
Dahabu's herd.
I didn't realize there was
such a large watering hole
on her land.
That's our answer.
I knew my dad would have
a plan.
So you want us to take over
their watering hole for
the Pride Lands.
You got it, bro.
Uh, I mean, King Bro?
No, Bunga, that is not
what I want.
Kion, I want you to talk
to the zebra leader, Dhahabu.
Ask her if she'd be willing
to share her watering hole
with us.
Oh, I guess that can work too.
Do you think she'll say yes?
It is a big request.
Ask her if there's anything
we can give them in return.
We need that water, Kion.
And we need it soon.
Don't worry, Dad,
we won't let you down.
Be alert, guys.
This part of the Back Lands
is leopard territory.
Leopards, schmepards.
We can handle 'em,
bring 'em on.
(ROARS)
Makucha!
Wow, that was fast.
Hello, Fuli, Lion Guard.
Long time no see.
Yeah, haven't seen you
since we kicked you out
of the Pride Lands.
And I'm here to return
the favor.
You're in my territory now.
So get out.
One, two, three, four,
five...
I'm good.
Hey, pick on somebody
your own size.
Why don't you?
There's nobody my size here.
Back off, Makucha. We don't
want any trouble.
We're just passing through.
You wouldn't want to mess
with us anyways.
It's five against one.
(SCOFFS)
Four and a half maybe.
Hey!
Oh, he means you.
Come on, Makucha.
Just let us through.
I don't think so.
Zuka Zama!
Huwezi!
Fine, you win.
For now, but pass through
quickly.
And don't come back.
Let's go.
But keep your guard up.
I don't trust that guy.
You're right.
There he is again.
Come on out, Makucha.
We know you're in there.
Makucha?
Who's he?
Oh. Zebras. Don't worry.
We're friendly.
Yeah, no need to panic
and run.
Oh, we never panic and run.
We frolic and romp.
♪ Frolic and romp
Frolic and romp
Will you look at that?
I think I like it better
when they panic and run.
♪ Frolic and romp
Frolic and romp
Excuse me, zebras?
Sorry to interrupt.
♪ Frolic and romp
Frolic and romp ♪
Hey!
Yes?
We're looking for a zebra
named Dhahabu.
Can you take us to her?
Of course we can.
Um, will you take us to her?
Well, of course.
Why didn't you ask us
in the first place?
Come on.
What's going on?
No idea.
You ready?
Hold on to your hippos.
Got him.
♪ Prepared to be amazed
when we take you to find
♪ Fabulous Dhahabu
Fabulous Dhahabu
♪ Like no one else around
Yeah, she'll blow your mind
♪ Fabulous Dhahabu
Fabulous Dhahabu
♪ Dhahabu Dhahabu
Just wait till you see her
The fabulous Golden Zebra
Here she is!
♪ There's more than black
And white when you're someone
Like me
♪ Fabulous Dhahabu
Fabulous Dhahabu
♪ Yeah, I'm a different stripe
Just one look and you'll see
♪ Fabulous Dhahabu
Fabulous Dhahabu
♪ Dhahabu
Dhahabu
♪ I'm so pleased to meet ya
♪ Dhahabu
Dhahabu
♪ Give it up for
The golden zebra
Zebras! Frolic and romp!
♪ Yeah I'm so rare
And so fine
♪ So fine
♪ Everyone falls in love
♪ Ooh hoo
♪ Like a rainbow in the sky
♪ In the sky
♪ I'm a gift from above
♪ She's a gift from above
♪ Dhahabu
Dhahabu
♪ I'm happy to lead ya
♪ Dhahabu
Dhahabu
♪ You've found this zebra
♪ Dhahabu
Dhahabu
♪ I'll always please ya
♪ Dhahabu
Dhahabu
♪ So give it up for
The golden zebra
♪ Dhahabu
Dhahabu
♪ Ooh ♪
Hapana.
Dhahabu is a golden zebra.
They're incredibly rare.
I've never seen one before.
She's really different
and really pretty.
She's not pretty,
she's incredible.
You are un-Bunga-lievable.
I don't know what that
means but I'll take it as
a compliment.
Thank you, little mongoose.
Bunga's actually a...
Mongoose.
If she wants me to be
mongoose, I'm a mongoose.
Dhahabu, hello, my name
is Kion.
I'm here with the rest
of the Lion Guard...
The Lion Guard?
Are you here to guard me
from lions? (LAUGHS)
You know, there aren't any
lions is Dhahabu Grove.
There are now.
Kion is a lion.
Hmm, I thought lions
were bigger.
Let me start over.
I'm the leader
of the Lion Guard.
And this is Fuli, Beshte,
Bunga and Ono.
Hey.
Nice to meet you.
Hi. We've already met.
Anyway, we're here for
the Pride Lands because...
The Pride Lands? You came
all the way from the Pride
Lands?
How exciting!
Prance with me.
Whatever you say, Dhahabu.
Seriously?
Kion, do we really have
time for this?
We need to ask her
about that watering hole.
I don't know, Fuli,
if we get to know Dhahabu,
she might be more willing
to help us.
Beshte's right. We need to
talk to her and make friends.
Just like my dad said.
Welcome to Dhahabu Grove.
The happiest place
in the Back Lands.
(LAUGHING)
Wow, Dhahabu.
Everyone really does seem
to be happy.
Of course.
Good leaders keep
everyone happy,
and in return,
everyone loves them.
Right?
My dad's a good leader.
Everyone loves him 'cause
he tries to keep everyone safe.
Hmm, really?
Yes, and that's why
we're here.
The Pride Lands have had
a tough dry season.
We need more water.
Oh, that's so sad.
It is.
So my dad sent us to ask if
we can share your watering hole.
Our... Watering hole?
You do have one, right?
Well...
Of course we do.
It's huge.
The biggest
in the Back Lands.
And it would be fun to
meet the Pride Landers.
Can we share it with them?
BOTH: Please?
It would make my herd happy.
But...
We'd be happy to do
something for you in return.
Just name it.
Oh, I know!
You can bring my herd
a Tamboa plant.
BOTH: A Tamboa plant?
A Tamboa plant?
Our favorite food.
A real delicacy.
But if you don't think
you're up to the task,
I quite understand...
You got it. One Tamboa plant,
coming up.
Really?
Sure, whatever you want.
Our pleasure.
Well, okay. Thank you.
And good luck.
Ono, you know what this
Tamboa plant looks like?
Well, I saw one from
the sky once.
But they're incredibly rare.
It could take us days to
even find one.
But we don't have days,
do we?
Nope. So we better get going.
Come on, Lion Guard.
Bye, Dhahabu.
Any luck, Ono?
Not yet.
Ugh, we've been wandering
through the Back Lands
for hours.
Come on, Fuli.
Ono's doing his best.
He did say Tamboa plants
were rare.
Sorry, everyone,
I'm still looking.
A-ha!
Well?
I've spotted a Tamboa plant,
but it's very far away.
And it'll be nearly impossible
for us to get to it.
Since when does "impossible"
stop us?
We're the Lion Guard.
I know, but...
We'll find a way. A lot
of animals are counting
on us.
Ono, take the lead.
Affirmative.
Ono, are you sure
this is the only way?
Unfortunately, yes.
Twende Kiboko.
Beshte, you okay?
(STUTTERS) Yeah, I guess.
You can do it, Big B.
It's easy, see?
Careful, Little B.
Don't worry about me,
I'm fine.
Hakuna Matata... Ah!
Bunga!
Huwezi.
Thanks, Fuli.
For a second there, I thought
I was one gone mongoose.
Hakuna Matata, Bunga.
The Tamboa plant is
on the other side of
this thorn patch.
You have to go around
to avoid the thorns.
We don't have time
to go around.
So let's go through.
Not all of us have thick
skin like you, Bunga.
Hmm. Maybe we can
go through.
Beshte?
Follow me, everybody.
Twende Kiboko!
Whoa, look at that!
You heard Beshte.
Let's follow him.
Yeah.
Whoo.
Nice job, Beshte.
Yeah, that was
un-Bunga-lievable.
Are you okay?
I think so.
Good. 'Cause I think we'll
need you at full strength.
That's a Tamboa plant?
Ono, you said it was rare.
You didn't say it was huge.
It looked smaller
from the sky.
We're supposed to carry this
thing back to the zebras?
Seriously?
Ah, leave it to me.
Come on, plantly lanty.
Here we go.
(GRUNTING)
How're we gonna get that
thing out of the ground?
Well, if we can't pull it out,
maybe we can dig it out.
Wait.
(GRUNTING)
I've almost got...
Whoa!
Digging's good.
(ALL GRUNTING)
Bunga, I think
we're good.
BUNGA: One more handful.
Oops. Sorry.
No problem.
Beshte, it's all you now.
You got it, Kion.
Twende Kiboko.
Way to go, Big B.
One Tamboa plant,
ready to go.
Great job, Beshte.
Now let's get that plant
back to Dhahabu.
We love you, Dhahabu!
And I love you,
my zebras.
(SCREAMS)
(ALL GASP)
Let me guess. Now you're
gonna panic and run.
Why would we do that?
We're just surprised to
see a walking Tamboa plant.
It's Beshte doing the walking,
see?
Okay, Dhahabu. One Tamboa
plant, as requested.
I... I never thought you'd
actually find one.
What?
I mean, I hoped you would.
I'm just surprised.
It wasn't easy. But we
delivered our side of
the deal.
So if you could show us
the watering hole...
We will! We will!
No!
I'm sorry, the deal's off.
We can't share
our watering hole.
What?
But...
Why not?
What do you mean you can't
share the watering hole?
It's... It's, um,
against the rules.
What rules?
The... The, uh,
secret rules.
We never heard of
any secret rules.
That's because they're
secret.
In fact, you're not allowed
to go to the watering hole
either.
Huh?
What?
That's right. Nobody can
use the watering hole.
That's my decree.
ZEBRAS: Aw!
I don't get it. Why'd she
send us to get that plant,
if she wasn't going to let
us share the water?
I think Dhahabu's
hiding something.
Ono, try to get a look
at the watering hole.
Maybe there's reason she
doesn't want us to use it.
Affirmative.
(GASPS) Hapana!
Everyone, everyone...
I know why Dhahabu doesn't
want us to see the watering
hole.
Why?
Because it's empty.
The watering hole
is all dried up.
(GASPS) All dried up?
It's empty?
What? No.
The bird must be seeing
things.
I've seen things all right,
but maybe they're things you
don't want anyone else to see.
(LAUGHS) What a funny
bird he is.
Why didn't you tell us,
Dhahabu?
This makes us really
unhappy.
Wait! Please, come back.
We can frolic!
And romp!
So you knew the watering
hole had dried up?
Yes, I saw it a few days ago.
But I don't know
where the water went.
Why didn't you
tell your herd?
I didn't want to
make them unhappy.
But zebras can only go
a few days without water.
What were you planning
to do?
I don't know.
I guess I hoped it would
fill itself up again.
Seriously?
A good leader tells her
herd the truth, Dhahabu.
Even if it's bad news.
And when there's a problem,
a good leader tries to help.
You're right. I just don't
know what to do.
How about a hug?
We can do better
than that, Bunga.
We'll go to the watering hole
and see if we can figure out
what happened to the water.
Do you think
you can fix it?
I don't know
but if we can,
will you agree to share it
with the Pride Landers?
Yes! Yes, yes, yes!
Lion Guard, let's go
take a look.
Any idea why it dried up?
Well, there used to be
a waterfall over there.
Could that have something
to do with it?
Uh, yeah.
Ono.
On it.
I see the problem.
A rock slide blocked
the waterfall.
Okay, maybe we can unblock it
and let the water flow again.
Lion Guard, let's get to
the top of that cliff.
Wait, that's leopard
territory.
We'll take our chances.
Do it all the time.
Then take me with you.
Um, I don't know if
that's such a good idea.
Leopards usually aren't
very nice.
Just leave it to us.
Kion, you said,
"When there's a problem,
a good leader does something
about it."
And I wanna be a good leader.
Okay, Dhahabu, come on.
There's the rock slide.
Thanks, Ono.
Beshte, think you can
move those boulders?
Sure thing, Kion.
MAKUCHA: Don't even think it.
(GASPS) That tree just spoke!
That wasn't a tree.
No.
It was me.
I thought you were
just passing through.
Now you wanna take
my water? (GROWLS)
We're not taking it,
Makucha.
We just wanna move the rocks
so the zebras can have water
too.
You don't get it,
I don't share.
Now get outta here
before I make you.
I've got this.
Perhaps you don't know
who I am.
Actually, I do.
You're lunch.
(SCREAMS)
Dhahabu, take cover.
Beshte, move the rocks.
You got it, Kion.
Oh, forgot to mention.
This time, I brought
my friends.
Hang on, Big B!
We'll get him.
Out of the way, Leopard.
Zuka Zama!
(GRUNTS)
Oh, no. Ono!
Look out!
Ono?
Hapana!
Thanks, Kion.
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
BUNGA: Hey, leopard!
You're not the only one
who can jump out of trees.
Zuka Zama!
Come on, Beshte.
You can beat him.
(GROWLS)
Get off.
I think we got 'em all.
MAKUCHA: Think again.
(ALL GASP)
You guys...
I'm starting to think it
wasn't such a good idea for
me to come after all.
Leave right now
or the zebra gets it.
Let her go, Makucha.
She didn't do
anything to you.
Take me instead!
Ugh, no thanks.
I'm warning you, Makucha.
Dhahabu's a good leader.
So? What do I care?
So if there's a problem,
a good leader does something
about it.
Right? Isn't that what
a good leader does?
Oh, yeah, she doesn't
just stand there.
BESHTE: No, not her.
Indeed.
Wait, who're we
talking about?
I am a good leader.
And this is a problem.
And I'm gonna do
something about it!
(GRUNTS)
Dhahabu, you did it.
You unblocked
the watering hole.
I guess I did, didn't I?
Thanks for sharing, Makucha.
(SNARLS)
Speaking of sharing...
The animals of the Pride Lands
are more than welcome
to share our watering hole.
Thanks, Dhahabu.
You really are a good leader.
This way, everyone.
Dhahabu and her zebras have
something special to share
with you.
(ALL GASP)
Welcome to our watering
hole, everyone.
Plenty of water
to go around.
(ALL CHEERING)
This looks wonderful.
And I want you all
to enjoy it.
But first, you have to
do something.
Huh? What's that?
You all have to frolic
and romp!
♪ Frolic and romp
Frolic and romp ♪
Looks like fun,
I'm in.
Come on, Lion Guard.
You too.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Frolic and romp.
Watch this, Dhahabu.
Zuka Zama!
Bunga!
Ah, come on, Fuli.
It's a party!
Fine.
(SARCASTICALLY)
Frolic and romp.
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪